Unlock the Metamask and choose either Rinkeby/Kovan network
If you are an initiator:
    i. click on Trade button
    ii. Select Yes on the Do you Wish To Initiate Toggle
    iii. Fill all the fields and click on Approve. A metamask window will open and you are asked to confirm the transaction.
        After you confirm the transaction, a popup from below will appear with the transaction link which takes you to
        ether scan when you click on it.
    iv. After the approval is done you can click on the Create Transaction button and confirm the transaction in the metamask window

if you are not an initiator:

    i. Select No on the Do you Wish To Initiate Toggle
    ii. Give the address of the person whom you are trading with and click on fetch details button
    iii. You will get all the fields except the amount of spv/nyto which you have to Fill
    iv. click on approve button and then transaction button after it is enabled


Claiming Process:

    i. The initiator has to do the claim first and then the non-initiator has to claim.

If you are an initiator:
    i. you have to switch the network . suppose you have initiated a transaction from rinkeby, you have to switch to kovan and vice-versa.
    ii. click on the claim button . Fill the counterparty address and click on fetch which autofills the amount field.
        you have to fill your secret and click on claim, a popup from below will appear with the transaction link which takes you to
        ether scan when you click on it.

if you are not the initiator:
    i. you have to switch the network . suppose you have initiated a transaction from rinkeby, you have to switch to kovan and vice-versa
    ii. click on the claim button . Fill the counterparty address and click on fetch which autofills the amount field.
        you have to fill the secret which you will get from the initiator and click on claim, a popup from below will appear with the transaction link which takes you to
        ether scan when you click on it.


Refund Process:

    i. you can opt for the refund only after an hour after you have created the transaction.
    ii. when you click on the refund, a metamask window will be opened where you have to confirm the transaction.